now to the ship that's making headlines
around the world a full-size replica of
Noah's Ark under construction in the
Netherlands NBC's Janet shamlian is
there Janet good morning hi Lester good
morning to you we are about an hour
outside of Amsterdam it's a small town
that's getting a lot of attention
because what's being built here it is a
colossal Noah's Ark getting so much
attention with all the construction
going on you might say it's a bit of a
zoo it looks like something out of a
movie and it is Hollywood huge
every one but this is not a scene from
the comedy Evan Almighty it is a long
way down isn't it
looming large over a small River in the
Netherlands a massive creation inspired
by of all things a bad dream I dream
that a part of Holland was flooded then
the next day I get a idea to build an
ark of noah a builder by trade
johann Weaver's has constructed a
real-life Noah's Ark built a biblical
scale and using the ancient measure of
cubits man's arm from his elbow to
fingertips in modern terms it's the
length of a football field and four
stories high unless you're standing
right in front of it it's hard to
conceive just how big the Ark is think
small cruise ship designed as a tourist
attraction with a religious message it's
been 3 years in the making now months
from finishing they're down to the
details they're all life-sized all
life-size unbelievable what did this
cost doesn't for one elephant one
elephant on you so you have a lot of
money invested in fake animals you
mentioned yes
not all the animals are of the plastic
variety - chickens yep young man says
will eventually stop the r with more
live pairs of course there are some
things you may not want - of yo.hannes
ark has proven seaworthy but how
realistic is this Dutchman's dream of
doom because of global warming the
concept of a flood happening here is not
unheard of
Al Gore predicted as much in the movie
and Inconvenient Truth if Greenland
broke up and melted this is what would
happen to the sea level in the
Netherlands absolutely devastating
the story our modern-day Noah even
created an opening on the very top of
the art for the release of the dome go
for it
so what if the heavens duel and the
predictions come to pass did you escape
a flood on this art you can happen no I
don't think so I don't think so no what
Johan is thinking is you'd like to take
the ark up the Thames next summer in
advance of the Olympic Games in London
Lester back to Janet thanks let's hope
there's not forty days of rain